Update CA5379 doc (#21615)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca5379.md

## Cause

> Using one of the following algorithms when instantiating <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.Rfc2898DeriveBytes?displayProperty=nameWithType>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of one of the following algorithms when instantiating <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.Rfc2898DeriveBytes?displayProperty=nameWithType>:
```

- <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.MD5?displayProperty=nameWithType>
- <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.SHA1?displayProperty=nameWithType>

> - Or the rule can't determine the algorithm at compile time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An algorithm that the rule can't determine at compile time
```
